Docs/recipes sourcing from yaml json (#15812)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes.md

- Search available source plugins in the [Gatsby library](/plugins/?=source)
- Understand source plugins by building one in the [Pixabay source plugin tutorial](/docs/pixabay-source-plugin-tutorial/)

## Sourcing Content

### Directly importing data (json & yaml)

#### Prerequisites

> - A Gatsby site with two page components `index.js` and `page-2.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Gatsby site](/docs/quick-start/) with an `index.js` page component
```

See reasoning about one component, below!

- A valid YAML file and a valid JSON file inside a folder on your Gatsby website.

#### Directions

1. To import YAML content directly into a page. Open the index.js page component (src/pages/index.js), import the YAML file into the component as a default export.

```jsx:title=src/pages/index.js
import React from "react"
import YAMLContent from "your-folder/your-yaml-file.yaml"

export default () => (
  <div style={{ color: `purple` }}>
    <p>YAMLContent.the-property-you-want-to-display</p>
  </div>
)
```

> 2. To import JSON content directly into a page, open the page-2.js page component (src/pages/page-2.js) import the JSON file into the component as a default export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JSON Directions

1. Open the component in `src/pages/index.js`, import the JSON file, and assign it to a variable.

2. In the JSX markup, reference the variable and data structure returned from the JSON file to display it.
```
By listing the two options as separate and optional steps, we can eliminate the `page-2` requirement.

> ```jsx:title=src/pages/page-2.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx:title=src/pages/index.js
```

import React from "react"
import JSONContent from "your-folder/your-json-file.json"

export default () => (
  <div style={{ color: `purple` }}>
    <p>JSONContent.the-property-you-want-to-display</p>
  </div>
)
```

> 3. Run `gatsby develop` and navigate to the index page. You should have a page with content sourced directly from a YAML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `gatsby develop` and navigate to the index page. You should have a page with content sourced directly from a YAML or JSON file.
```

>    Navigate to page-2 and you should have a page with content sourced directly from a JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
By combining them, we can use one page and make it dependent on their use case.
